feat(autoware_lidar_frnet): add FRNet for LiDAR semantic segmentation (#10503)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: perception/autoware_lidar_frnet/README.md

# autoware_lidar_frnet

## Purpose

The `autoware_lidar_frnet` package is used for 3D semantic segmentation based on LiDAR data (x, y, z, intensity).

## Inner-workings / Algorithms

> The implementation bases on FRNet [1] work. It uses TensorRT library for data process and network inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation is based on the FRNet [1] project. It uses TensorRT library for data processing and network inference.
```
